(enchanting music)
(light beams whoosh)
(theme music begins)
♪ Oh, yeah, breathe in deep
♪ Trying to take the leap
♪ Believe you can fly
♪ Become the wind
♪ Soar beyond the unknown
(theme music continues)
♪ Can't hold back
this lightning speed ♪
♪ Trust your heart
will take the lead ♪
♪ Never turning back and
never letting fate decide ♪
♪ Skies ahead may not be blue
♪ That don't mean we
can't break through ♪
♪ Leave your cares behind
♪ We'll never know
until we try ♪
♪ So what can we say
♪ We'll blaze our own way
♪ We'll make it up
♪ We're cranking
up the altitude ♪
♪ Oh, yeah, breathe in
deep, gonna take the leap ♪
♪ Sail into the sky
♪ Over the horizon,
adventure waits ♪
♪ It's calling you
♪ Don't dare think twice
♪ Just take the dive
♪ Yeah, become the wind
♪ And soar beyond the unknown
♪ Chasing the
light of tomorrow ♪
♪ Illuminate a new,
and glorious world ♪
[Narrator] This
is the mysterious
world where Digimon live.
The Digital World.
Tai and the other Digi-destined,
along with their
partner Digimon,
continue their quest to prevent
the revival of Millenniummon,
the bringer of
destruction and darkness.
Kari, who was kidnapped by
the mysterious SkullKnightmon
turned out to be the
last Digi-destined child.
As Tai learned this
surprising news,
he had to overcome some
fearsome opponents.
And now...
(tense music)
(thunder roaring)
[Vademon Leader] We sense it.
We sense it.
We sense the will
of Millenniummon,
who has come from the
distant Cloud Continent.
[Vademon Group] The
will of Millenniummon.
[Vademon Leader]
Millenniummon's shards
that sleep within the
FAGA have begun to beat.
[Vademon Group]
Have begun to beat.
[Vademon Leader]
Millenniummon desires the
birth of a worthy new body.
Millenniummon desires
a resurrection
as soon as possible.
[Vademon Group] A
resurrection. A resurrection.
A resurrection.
[Vademon Leader]
And so it shall be.
(whirring)
[Izzy] The ISS is
currently heading straight
towards a point
where it'll collide
with orbiting
artificial satellites.
Fortunately, the thrusters
of a docked Soyuz
should be able to change the
space station's path
to avoid the collision.
But clearly there's a Digimon
interfering with the
controls in the network.
Just like what happened
with those tankers.
We have to solve
this, and quickly.
But I can't say I found
solution for it yet.
This is bad.
And it's certainly
not the right time--
(Joe and Gomamon grumble)
to be taking a hot bath.
How in the world did we
end up in this situation?
(water splashing)
Yes, they must
really like you, Joe.
Well I wish they didn't
because I really
wanna get outta here
before the junior high school
I was looking forward
to going to it gone.
(Togemon screams)
(Mimi screams)
[Mimi] What is this?
What's going on?
Is this some kind of
celebration or something?
[Izzy] I'll continue
investigating.
Tai, you keep looking for Kari.
[Tai] I will. Thanks, Izzy.
Is everything okay over there?
Yeah, we seem to be in
a safe zone for now.
If I find anything, I'll
be sure to let you know.
[Kabuterimon] See ya.
Now, where was I?
[Kabuterimon] Izzy,
are you sure you
don't want to take a breather?
I'm fine.
Don't worry about me.
Besides, this research is just
about all I can do to help.
[Agumon] Okay.
Now let's get a move
on and go find Kari.
Right. And while we're at it,
find the other
celestial Digimon too.
(barking)
(gasping)
[Biyomon] What is that?
[Tai] Why is a black lightning
concentrated over there?
Looks like something's
coming this way.
[Patamon] (gasps)
They're Kokuwamon!
(group panicking)
[Tai] Are they attacking us?
[Sora] No, it's strange.
They're not even looking at us.
It's like they're
running from something.
[Tai] Looks like
we're almost clear.
(zapping)
(howling)
The black energy's accumulating.
I wonder what could be
drawing it this way.
Hey Tai, over there!
(Tai gasps)
It's Kari!
Komondomon, we gotta
pick up the pace!
(agreeable barking)
(zapping and thunder)
What's that?
(Tai screams)
(rumbling)
Kari!
(Tai panting)
(suspenseful orchestral music)
(Tai groans)
[TK] Is that a black crystal?
Hey, wait a minute.
Didn't we see that
in Lopmon's memory?
[Sora] One of
Millenniummon's shards
that rained down
on this continent.
(Tai grunts)
(zapping and music intensify)
There she is!
Tai, wait!
(metal clanging)
Kari!
Kari, it's me!
(Kari gasps)
Kari!
I'm comin' to save
you, don't worry!
[Vademon Leader]
The time has come.
The black crystals scattered
across the Eternal Continent,
shards of Millenniummon's body,
the black lightning bombarding
the Eternal Continent,
powers leaked from
the human world.
The shards accumulate
this power,
and it is sent to the FAGA.
Listen well, SkullKnightmon.
Those shards create a
mechanism that strengthens
the connection with the FAGA.
The altar to resurrect
Millenniummon.
Come, now is the time
to fulfill your destiny.
(Tai panting)
(somber orchestral music)
SkullKnightmon, the one
Millenniummon selected,
the last Digi-Destined, the
one Millenniummon desires.
You shall be summoned
to darkness together.
You will become the
sacrifices needed
for the great darkness' birth,
Millenniummon's resurrection.
[SkullKnightmon]
SkullKnightmon, digivolve to
AxeKnightmon.
(whooshing)
(Tai and Agumon groan)
[Sora] Tai! Agumon!
What is happening?
Kari is resonating
with AxeKnightmon,
and a tremendous power
is about to be born.
But why?
Why is it Kari and AxeKnightmon?
Kari!
[Agumon] Tai!
Let's go.
We can save Kari if
we work together.
Agumon.
You're right.
[Agumon] Agumon digivolve to
Greymon!
Let's go, Greymon,
full speed ahead!
(Greymon roars)
(shooting)
(Birdramon grunts)
You go on ahead,
we've got this one!
[Tai] Aw, man, thanks you two!
(Birdramon flinches)
Come on, Birdramon!
(Birdramon yells)
(Greymon roars)
Undead Soldier.
(Greymon growls)
[Greymon] Nova Blast!
[Patamon] Patamon, digivolve to
Pegasusmon!
Rodeo Kick!
Go on, Tai! Now's your chance!
Great, TK, thanks!
I'm coming, Kari!
(whooshing)
(Greymon yells)
I've got ya!
Come on Kari, take my hand!
I'm right here!
(music stop abruptly)
Wait, what just happened?
(whooshing)
(tense orchestral music begins)
(AxeKnightmon growls)
(Greymon and Tai yell)
[Vademon Leader] Magnificent.
The pulse of
Millenniummon's rebirth.
The ceremony approaches
its final stage.
[Vademon Group] Its final stage.
Did Kari just get swallowed up?
Did AxeKnightmon
just get bigger?
(Tai groans)
[Greymon] Tai.
[Tai] This isn't the time
to figure out what
just happened!
Ready, Greymon?
Let's do it!
Greymon, digivolve to
Metalgreymon!
I swear, we're
gonna get Kari back!
(whooshing)
(Kari gasps)
(intense orchestral music)
(zapping)
(Tai and Metalgreymon yelling)
(shooting)
(Metalgreymon grunts)
Hang on.
Ready, Birdramon?
[Birdramon] Birdramon,
digivolve to
Garudamon! (yells)
Wing Blade!
Ready, Pegasusmon?
[Pegasusmon] Equus Beam!
(Metalgreymon growls)
(Metalgreymon and Tai grunt)
(Tai screams)
[Kari] Hello? I'm here.
Talk to me.
You're the one
who's been calling
me all this time, aren't you?
(Kari screams)
[Vademon Leader] That's it,
that power, that life force.
Offer it all to Millenniummon.
[Vademon Group] Offer
it all, offer it all.
Offer it all.
(whooshing)
(exploding)
[Sora] What now?
Where's Tai?
[TK] Look, over there!
[Sora] Tai, are you okay?
(Tai grunts)
Tai?
It doesn't make sense.
-Why didn't you take my hand?
-(Sora gasps)
I don't get it.
There's gotta be a reason.
She's waiting for me.
Tai, I--
[Garudamon] AxeKnightmon
is losing physical form,
breaking up into bytes of data
to be transmitted somewhere.
[TK] That means Kari is too!
Not while I'm around she's not.
Not gonna happen!
(loud somber music)
It's me, I'm here,
You're here too, aren't you?
You can come out now.
Come with me and I'll
help you get out of here.
I'm sure he's coming--
no, I know he's coming!
My brother will save us!
(Tai screaming)
Come here, just reach
out and take my hand.
Here, give me your hand.
Come closer.
(Kari gasps)
Hurry, Tai!
Coming, Kari!
[Metalgreymon]
Metalgreymon, digivolve to
Wargreymon!
(rock music)
(AxeKnightmon growls)
Great Tornado!
(singing in japanese)
(Tai and Wargreymon yelling)
(Kari panting)
I knew you'd come!
Wouldn't miss it.
AxeKnightmon?!
(rocks music ends)
(gentle piano music)
What did I tell ya, not
to go wandering off alone.
I came to bring you
back, it's okay.
I'm sorry.
I knew I shouldn't
have wandered off.
But I believed in you and
I knew you would come.
Big brother.
[Vademon Group] (wailing)
Shame, shame, shame.
[Vademon Leader] No matter.
We shall await the
next opportunity.
[Vademon Group] Next
opportunity, next opportunity.
Next opportunity.
(gasping)
[Sora] Tai! Kari!
[Biyomon] Agumon!
We're back.
Is that..?
Oh, I see.
So that's where you were.
Nice to meet you.
My name is Kari.
Yes, I know, Kari.
I've been waiting for you.
I've been waiting for
a long, long time.
You can call me Gatomon.
It's nice to meet you too.
Gatomon. (laughs)
Finally, you're here.
You did good.
Big brother.
Thank you.
(TK and Sora laugh)
(upbeat music)
♪ We're falling rapidly
♪ Are we gonna lose it all?
♪ What is it you're
waiting for? ♪
♪ The headwind's signaling
♪ That we better
give this our all ♪
♪ Believe and push forward
♪ Is this the strength
we've been looking for? ♪
♪ Is this the reason we need
to kick down the door? ♪
♪ Is the seed of failure
sprouting into wings? ♪
♪ Does the past
decide the future? ♪
♪ So if you hope
to see a rainbow ♪
♪ You need to open
up your eyes ♪
♪ Take a helping
hand and understand ♪
♪ That it's time you realize
♪ If you wanna make
your dreams reality, ♪
♪ It may not be easy
♪ Just take a breath
and take a chance ♪
♪ Next thing you know,
♪ You're a shining
beacon in the sky ♪
[Izzy] The Digimon Encyclopedia!
Pegasusmon.
This Digimon digivolves
from Patamon.
Pegasusmon is able to dash
around the battlefield
in every direction
at super-speed!
Now let's check this out!
Encased in sparkling armor,
Pegasusmon looks super cool!
I'm envious.
But when I said that out loud,
Kabuterimon got really
quiet all of a sudden.
I wonder why.
Which Digimon will
it be next time?
[Narrator] As they
seek to protect
the world of the sea Digimon,
Kari and Gatoman's
battle begins.
[Tai] Next time on Digimon
Adventure: Kari and Gatomon.
[Narrator] The adventure
continues in a new world.